# 27th September Meeting

<br/><br/>

## Meeting
- Setting up Git
- Choice of languages


No decisions has been made because only three people attended
this meeting. We have discussed about choice of languages, @humaid
suggested that we use [Go](https://golang.org) as the implementation
language and offered to help teach the language. There are worries
if it may be difficult for others to catch up with, and that we might
plan to use something like Python.  

We also had a tour of GitLab, showing the cool features with Issues,
Milestones, Continuous Integration, Boards (for Kanban), and so on...

@humaid agreed to give a tour of GitLab/Git, Go, and so on, in the next
meeting.

<br/><br/>

## To Go or Not to Go

#### Care For Golang:
- Strongly typed: Dynamic typing can cause issues further on, like is the
  variable `id` an int or a string? Companies like Dropbox are trying to
  type-check 4 Million lines of Python.
- There is one way to format things. No Tabs v. Spaces flamewar, the `go fmt`
  tool automatically formats.
- The Objection-Relational Mapping library XORM is a good ORM implementation,
  unlike with Django, transactions are not as straight-forward.
- It is fast, compiled, garbage collected. So it is good from these aspects.
  And the syntax is similar to C.


#### Case Against Golang  
- We must spend time to learn yet another programming language.
- The syntax may take time to get used to.
- Some people might be more familiar with Python, and that is more important
  than the benefits we might have from Go.

