# 13th February Meeting

*This meeting will take place at 14:30am at GRID.*

---


<br>
<br>

## Meeting | 14:30

### Absolutely Critical | 14:45


* Hoody/T-shirt 
* Nacdlow stickers MERCH


### Necessary Stuff
* Plugins
* Toggles
* Accessibility modes
* Accounts/permissions
* Dashboard (graphs)
* Rooms page cards with master switches
* Sliders not working
* GO THROUGH GITLAB AND GET RID OF ISSUES


### Ideas
* Moving devices from room to room
* Floor plan
* Inviting guests
* Alerts/notifications
* PWA (service workers)
* Dynamic tips

### STUDENT EQUIPMENT FUND
* Raspberry Pi

### EMAIL RON ABOUT QUESTIONS
* Lightning talk vs demonstration
* Did you like our vid :)
