# 8th October Meeting

_**All members should attend.**_
_The meeting will be take place at GRGMRG.6 from 15:00 till 16:00._

## Requests
- Can a member of the group please bring an HDMI cable

---


<br/><br/>

## Agenda
- Discuss solutions
- Discuss roles on requirement specification writing
- Arrange meeting with Manager
- Discuss App naming and other naming issues

<br/>

## Meeting | 15:00

#### Existing Solutions | 00:00
- Future Home
- Your Smart Home
- Cedia
- Bosch Smart Home

#### Assigning Tasks | 08:00
1. Requirements Specification
    - Humaid
2. Risk Analysis
    - Amaan
    - Ruaridh
3. Project Decisions & Plan
    - Alakbar
4. Project Costing
    - Mark
    - Numan
5. Usability Evaluation of Mock-ups
    - LEAVING IT FOR NOW

<br/>

## To-Do | 39:12
- Familiarise yourself with the section in the Stage 1 report that has been assinged to you
