# News

**The latest post is on top.**  

Feel free to add a post below, make sure you follow the format of the rest
of the document.  

----
#### Entry 7

**Post by:** Humaid at 3:04pm, 1st November  

I have added a Golang tutorial section on the wiki. I am not expecting anyone
to do this now, but it would be great if we could find some time so we can
get together and do these exercises.

<https://wiki.nacdlow.com/Golang-Tutorial.html>

-----
#### Entry 6
**Post by:** Humaid at 1:55pm, 16th October  

This is a test post to demonstrate CI!  

-----
#### Entry 5
**Post by:** Humaid at 8:03pm, 14th October  

The wiki is now hosted at [wiki.nacdlow.com](https://wiki.nacdlow.com). You
have to be logged in to GitLab to view the site, as it is protected.

Be mind that the wiki takes about 2-3 minutes to update after each commit. Also
there is a dark mode available!

-----
#### Entry 4
**Post by:** Humaid at 5:53pm, 14th October  

We have bought a domain (nacdlow.com)! The domain cost was 6.56 pounds, so
if you want to voluntarily pay your part you can pay 1 pound, but it is
optional.  

Right now, we don't have a website up. But email aliases is set, and each
member has an address which is aliased to their University email.  

- alakbar@nacdlow.com
- amaan@nacdlow.com
- humaid@nacdlow.com
- mark@nacdlow.com
- numan@nacdlow.com
- ruaridh@nacdlow.com

And there is a general email (contact@nacdlow.com) which will forward to all
members.  

-----
#### Entry 3

**Post by:** Humaid at 5:50pm, 13th October  

PDFs are now auto-compiled for the docs project, and it is no longer 
included with the repository (gitignore'd). This simplifies the process and 
reduces the size of the repository (no more binary blobs). You can view the 
generated PDFs online by clicking the (browse artifacts) badge.  

[Go to docs repo](https://gitlab.com/group-nacdlow/docs)

-----
#### Entry 2
**Post by:** Humaid at 4:54pm, 13th October  

The Go wiki is up, doesn't have much yet.
It is generated by the mkdocs.sh script, which you can look at and improve 
upon. If you want to run it you need godoc2markdown to be installed on your
computer.

<https://gitlab.com/group-nacdlow/nacdlow-server/wikis/home>

-----
#### Entry 1
**Post by:** Humaid at 4:09pm, 13th October  

The "source" repository is renamed to "nacdlow-server".
To update your remote URL, 'cd' into your local git repository for 'source'
and run:
```sh
$ git remote set-url origin git@gitlab.com:group-nacdlow/nacdlow-server.git
```

-----
